README.md, before:

# 🎯 New Year Resolution Tracker 2025

A beautiful, modern web application to track your New Year resolutions and goals. Built with vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - no dependencies required!

## Features

- ✨ **Add Resolutions**: Create and categorize your goals
- 📊 **Progress Tracking**: Visual progress bars for each resolution
- 📈 **Statistics Dashboard**: Track total goals, completed goals, and success rate
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI**: Modern dark theme with smooth animations
- 💾 **Local Storage**: Your resolutions are saved automatically
- 🔍 **Filter Goals**: View all, active, or completed resolutions
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile

## Getting Started

### Option 1: Open Directly

Simply open `index.html` in your web browser. No installation or build process required!

### Option 2: Local Server (Recommended)

For the best experience, run a local server:

```bash
# Using Python 3
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js (if you have http-server installed)
npx http-server

# Using PHP
php -S localhost:8000
```

Then open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

## Usage

1. **Add a Resolution**: Type your goal in the input field, select a category, and click "Add Resolution"
2. **Track Progress**: Click the ➕ button to add 10% progress to a goal
3. **Mark Complete**: Click the ✅ button to mark a goal as completed
4. **Filter Goals**: Use the filter buttons to view all, active, or completed goals
5. **Delete Goals**: Click the 🗑️ button to remove a resolution

## Categories

- 🏃 Health & Fitness
- 💼 Career
- 📚 Learning
- 💰 Finance
- ❤️ Relationships
- 🎨 Hobbies
- ✨ Other

## Data Storage

All your resolutions are stored locally in your browser using localStorage. Your data never leaves your device!

## Browser Support

Works in all modern browsers:
- Chrome/Edge (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## Customization

Feel free to customize the app by editing:
- `styles.css` - Change colors, fonts, and styling
- `app.js` - Modify functionality and add features
- `index.html` - Adjust the layout and structure

## License

Free to use and modify for personal or commercial projects.

## Happy New Year! 🎉

Make 2025 your best year yet by tracking and achieving your resolutions!

Commit message:

Add GitHub Pages deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# 🎯 New Year Resolution Tracker 2025

A beautiful, modern web application to track your New Year resolutions and goals. Built with vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - no dependencies required!

## Features

- ✨ **Add Resolutions**: Create and categorize your goals
- 📊 **Progress Tracking**: Visual progress bars for each resolution
- 📈 **Statistics Dashboard**: Track total goals, completed goals, and success rate
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI**: Modern dark theme with smooth animations
- 💾 **Local Storage**: Your resolutions are saved automatically
- 🔍 **Filter Goals**: View all, active, or completed resolutions
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile

## Getting Started

### Option 1: Open Directly

Simply open `index.html` in your web browser. No installation or build process required!

### Option 2: Local Server (Recommended)

For the best experience, run a local server:

```bash
# Using Python 3
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js (if you have http-server installed)
npx http-server

# Using PHP
php -S localhost:8000
```

Then open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

## Usage

1. **Add a Resolution**: Type your goal in the input field, select a category, and click "Add Resolution"
2. **Track Progress**: Click the ➕ button to add 10% progress to a goal
3. **Mark Complete**: Click the ✅ button to mark a goal as completed
4. **Filter Goals**: Use the filter buttons to view all, active, or completed goals
5. **Delete Goals**: Click the 🗑️ button to remove a resolution

## Categories

- 🏃 Health & Fitness
- 💼 Career
- 📚 Learning
- 💰 Finance
- ❤️ Relationships
- 🎨 Hobbies
- ✨ Other

## Data Storage

All your resolutions are stored locally in your browser using localStorage. Your data never leaves your device!

## Browser Support

Works in all modern browsers:
- Chrome/Edge (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Opera (latest)

## Customization

Feel free to customize the app by editing:
- `styles.css` - Change colors, fonts, and styling
- `app.js` - Modify functionality and add features
- `index.html` - Adjust the layout and structure

## Deploy to GitHub Pages

This app can be easily deployed to GitHub Pages for free hosting:

1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Go to your repository Settings → Pages
3. Select the `main` branch as the source
4. Your app will be live at `https://yourusername.github.io/new-year-resolution-tracker/`

## License

Free to use and modify for personal or commercial projects.

## Happy New Year! 🎉

Make 2025 your best year yet by tracking and achieving your resolutions!
